Welcome back.
In the earlier video,
we learned to auto-generate Avro serializable POJOs from the schema definition.
In this lecture, we are going to use them in a Kafka producer program.
I hope you still remember our POS simulator program.
We created that example in one of the earlier lecture.
That example was sending realistic invoices to Kafka,
but those messages were serialized using JSON serializer. Right?
We will take the same example,
basically copy the code,
and make some necessary changes,
so it starts sending AVRO invoices.
So, the problem is defined.
Let's create a solution.
First thing first,
AVRO serializer is offered by Confluent Platform,
and we are going to develop and execute this example on Confluent community edition.
I am going to create a brand new maven project from scratch.
I will show you step by step process so you can do it yourself.
Let me create an empty maven project.
Â Good.
The first thing is to set up the necessary maven dependencies.
Let's do it.
We will be using JDK 1.8 like all other projects.
So let's define a property for the same.
We will be using Confluent 5.3.0.
So, one property for the confluent version.
Instead of using Apache Kafka,
we will be using a Kafka version which comes with Confluent 5.3.0.
Using Confluent Kafka version is necessary to avoid version conflicts
because we are going to execute our program on Confluent platform and hence we need the same version.
And this is how Confluent defines Kafka version in their platform.
Confluent artifacts are not hosted in standard Maven repository.
So, we need to add a custom repository here.
So, confluent packages will come from this repository.
Now, we are ready to define the dependencies.
We need Kafka Avro serializer offered by Confluent. Right?
When we serialized our messages using JSON,
we used a JSON serializer that I created.
But now, we want to serialize our messages using AVRO,
and we will be using AVRO serializer that Confluent has created.
Next one is Kafka Client.
We are going to create a producer, so we need the Kafka Client libraries.
The last dependency is for log4j.
You already know this one. Right?
Now, I will open my project that we created in the previous lecture.
So, this is the example that generated Java Classes from AVRO schema.
Let me copy these schema definitions.
We also need the AVRO Maven plugin. Right?
Let me also copy that part and paste it in our pom file.
We also need a log4j configuration file.
Â So let me copy-paste it here from another earlier project.
After getting the Schema definition and Maven dependencies,
we are ready to compile this project and get our Java Classes.
Good.
So, we reached the state of the earlier project.
If you are worried about these warnings, place a line in your pom file properties.
Recompile, and it should go away.
Great!
Good going so far.
Let me quickly recap.
We created an empty project.
Defined some dependencies to work with the confluent platform.
Then we copied the Avro schema definition from our earlier project.
In summary, we just replication our Avro to POJO project with some additional dependencies.
Otherwise, this project is essentially the same as the Avro-to-POJO example. Right?
Now we want to take it forward and make a pos simulator.
But we have already done that for JSON.
This project is also going to do the same thing except for one fundamental difference.
Instead of sending JSON, it should send AVRO.
So, I am going to open the old POS simulator
and copy most of the code from that project and make only necessary changes.
Let's open the pos simulator example.
Ok, so what else do we have here.
We got these types in our current project.
But we also need the data generator and the sample data directory.
Let me copy it to my current project.
Good.
Â Let me check if I got any errors.
Ok, so invoice generator class is showing an error.
A string cannot be applied to Char Sequence.
Well, the Avro Maven plugin uses char sequence instead of String.
We can fix this problem.
That's it.
What else do we need?
We do not need this Json Serializer.
Why?
Because we are going to use AVRO serializer.
So let's leave this.
Now, I need these three classes.
Let me copy them also.
Ok, Runnable Producer is showing an error.
Cannot infer arguments.
Well, this one is less intuitive.
It cannot understand types because getStoreID is returning a char sequence.
Let me convert it to a String.
Done.
Now comes the POS simulator.
This one is the main class where we need some real changes.
I mean, so far we simply assembled things and fixed some simple errors.
At a high level, everything till now is almost the same as it was for JSON based producer.
Now we are going to make some changes that are the fundamental changes for making it work with the AVRO.
JSON Serializer.
Right!
We must change this one to KafkaAvroSerializer.
Confluent Avro Serializer does not work without the Confluent Schema registry.
So, even if you don't need it, you must add one configuration for the schema registry.
Â Here is the line that you need to add.
Done.
No?
Well, it shows some error.
Let me remove it.
We are not using this class.
Great.
You may want to move this constant to App Configs.
Now it looks better.
Great!
Looks like we are done.
So, how is the JSON project different from this AVRO project.
In summary, All you need is four main things.
Schema definition using AVRO schema and Avro compatible types.
KafkaAvroSerializer
Schema registry configuration.
And finally, Confluent specific dependencies.
That's all.
Do you want to test it?
We need scripts.
Let me copy all the scripts from the older project.
Well, the scripts are mostly the same, but we want them to execute from the confluent home directory.
So, let me prefix the confluent home directory location in all the scripts.
We also want to change the configuration file location. Right?
You also need to start the schema registry.
So let me add one script for the same.
Good.
Now we can start the services,
create the topic,
and run our simulator.
Oops.
No worries.
Let me define arguments.
Topic name, Number of producer threads, and milliseconds between two messages.
Voila!
It is sending messages.
If you start a consumer, you can see some content.
But Avro is a binary format.
So we can't understand it.
Great.
We are done.
The project file is included in your resources.
But I recommend you try it yourself and refer the source code when you get stuck.
So, see you in the next lecture.
Keep learning and Keep Growing.
